what is going on guys it is echo and
welcome back to my channel now in this
video and we talking about title update
14 and where my channel is heading when
title update 14 and minecraft xbox one
alongside playstation 4 is released now
a lot of you will be new subscribers so
welcome i'm glad you're here on my
channel a lot of you have been with me
for a very very long time now the people
have been with me for a very long time
will know that I was doing a let's play
series survival island texture pack
review seed showcase tutorials and I do
apologize that they did stop I'm so done
did stuff because I kind of felt they
would go and stale and I personally did
feel you guys went enjoying them that
much which caused me to have a lot of
pressure so that is when I started to
focus mainly on the news videos now news
videos I do love them you guys love to
be entertained with news and what's
going to be happening in the future I
will always be doing this now in this
same video I would like to see in the
comment section what you guys would like
to see on my channel what you'd like me
to do and what you really look forward
to when searching on my youtube channel
but I will continue to do news wherever
its small or big news I will always
cover it I believe everyone should know
what's going on in the game they do love
I will also be making a brand new
survival island and I do believe
hopefully they can introduce some
awesome new seeds so if you do know any
good seeds when title of day 14 is
introduced be sure to let me know
whether you know let me know in the
comments section Facebook Twitter I do
highly appreciate it and although i
don't reply to everyone because i have
eleven thousand followers i do apply as
much as possible i will also be making a
brand new let's play series I might be
doing this with some other youtubers so
it's not just my voice you'll hear
you'll also hear interactions and it'll
be a great laugh alongside that I do fun
to make and playing with subscribers I
did this a lot how to subscribe a world
where you guys could join you can build
builded cities and it was definitely a
great laugh and I did live stream some
of these a lot now live streaming is a
lot of things that I would like to do as
well I do live stream I did live stream
a lot but I kind of took a backseat and
the only reason why I took a backseat on
live streaming is because when I was
live streaming GTA and sometimes
minecraft when youtube updated their
terms of service these videos were being
disabled which is very disheartening I'm
making videos on youtube I with a live
stream was harder so I do live stream on
twitch TV although I don't make money
from it it's all for you guys and I can
upload these to youtube and it's just
great interaction there's nothing better
than interacting with the people who
make me who I am who make my videos
popular I'll also be making a brand new
seed showcase this is where you get the
best m seeds you get the best so Joe
cases that are on YouTube now I did
start off this series and I'm sticking
by that I was definitely on the first
people to ever make him minecraft xbox
360 seed showcase it was called I can't
really remember what it's called but I
have absolutely so many videos of it and
all these videos were made because
people submitted their seeds I'll also
be doing a lot of tutorials when title
update 14 is released and the reason why
I make tutorials is because I know a lot
of you have never played pc minecraft
before so this means you've never seen
the additions and you'll be very very
confused the good thing about Minecraft
console is that when you do play it has
a big massive tutorial explains how it
works you can disable it that is fully
up to you for I'd like to know in the
comments section what you would love to
see I am coming up to 100,000
subscribers that is truly amazing and I
wouldn't be doing this if it wasn't for
you guys so any feedback is greatly
appreciated I do hope you fully enjoy my
channel let me know down below and have
a great day